Day of week: wednesday
Information about members:
Dima 18 male student

Information about members:
Victor 35 male leader

Information about members:
Sergey Vasilevich 27 male professor

Information about members:
Ivan 25 male scientist

Time since entering the tunnel:0 milliseconds.

Width of tunnel: 6 Height of tunnel: 5

Temperature is cool.
-Go strictly straight!, - said Victor.
-What a pungent smell! - mentioned professor.

Dima ran into side gallery.
It is gold side gallery.
-There is no smell here!, - shouted  Dima.
-Come to me immediately!, - exclaimed  professor.

Time since entering the tunnel:53 milliseconds.

Temperature has slighty increased.
-Turn left, - said  Victor.

Width of tunnel: 6 Height of tunnel: 4

Clothes became warmer.
A few penguins are running by people. Sum: 3

Information about penguins:
number1 adult male pink

Information about penguins:
number2 adult male green

Information about penguins:
number3 adult male yellow

-Penguins! - exclaimed scientist and ran after them.

Penguin number 1 touched a stone wall.
The wall collapsed, the way back is blocked.

Time since entering the tunnel:76 milliseconds.

Grinding was heard.
Sound was a very loud.
-Hurry up! Don't turh anywhere, - said Victor.

Width of tunnel: 6 Height of tunnel: 3

-Pungent smell intensified, - said Sergey Vasilevich.

Dima ran into side gallery.
It is just stone side gallery.
- There is also a terrible smell!, - shouted student.

-Come to me immediately!, - exclaimed  professor.

Time since entering the tunnel:90 milliseconds.

There have been some change in the enviroment.
Temperature has slighty increased.
Leader threw of his coat.
Clothes are wrinkled.
Information about clothes:
fur coat

Clothes are wrinkled.
Hitting the ground was heard.
Sound was quiet.
Gnomes are in the brilliant gallery at the same time.
Information about gnomes:
Grumbler 36

Information about gnomes:
Sleepy 35

Information about gnomes:
Worker 34

- Don't stop working!!! – screamed Worker.

He hit the wall with a pick. Brilliants fell.
- Let me sleep... - said Sleepy.

And he continued to sleep
- I could now rest in the Maldives instead of that! - whispered Grumbler.

He looked around the gallery hopelessly.


People in the tunnel.


Abandoned sweaters are lying on the ground.
Crumpled coats are next to them.
The sweaters have slits.
Coats have them too.
Check that it is ruined coat on the ground with equals(if false then things are not the same):
false
Only one little penguin is running by people.


Information about penguins:
number1 baby female pink

-Penguins! - exclaimed scientist and ran after them.

Penguin number 1 hid.
Time is running

Time since entering the tunnel:138 milliseconds.

-Turn right, - ordered Victor.

Width of tunnel: 5 Height of tunnel: 1

The expedition members suddenly saw the gnomes.

-They have picks!!!!!!, - screamed loudly Sergey Vasilevich.

People ran fast to the nearest underground.
Information about underground:
class locs.Underground width: 1 meters   height: 1 meters
